猫奴和狗奴在生活工作上有哪些不同（胖龙双语）
我们可以把人分成两类：“猫奴”和“狗奴”

It's not unusual to divide people into two categories: 'cat people' and 'dog
people.'

但是无论你是“猫奴”还是“狗奴”，都会在你生活中的不同方面产生影响。

And whether you're more of a 'cat person' or a 'dog person' can affect all
different facets of your life in ways you might not expect.

“狗奴”的年薪往往比“猫奴”高，而“猫奴”往往喜欢园艺、阅读或写作。

'Dog people' tend to make a higher annual salary than 'cat people', while 'cat
people' tend to have hobbies like gardening, reading, or writing.

很有可能，你已经很清楚你是一个“猫奴”还是一个“狗奴”。可能你对很多朋友、家人和同事也有所了解，而不管你是否公开讨论过这些事。Mars Petcare
的一项调查发现，你属于哪一组“猫奴”或“狗奴”可以说有很多相关事情。根据调查者的说法，猫主人和狗主人之间有一些明显的差异，它们发生在每个方面，从你的工作到你的薪水，甚至你的爱好等等。

Chances are, you're already well-aware of whether you're a 'cat person' or a
'dog person.' And it's probably something you know about many of your friends,
family members, and co-workers, regardless of whether you've ever openly
discussed it or not. A survey from Mars Petcare found that which group you
fall in, 'cat person' or 'dog person,' can say quite a bit about you. There
are some distinct differences between cat and dog owners, according to survey
respondents, and they occur in just about every category, from your job to
your salary, to your hobbies, and more.

以下是猫主人和狗主人之间的一些主要区别。

Here are some of the major differences between cat and dog owners.

1，猫奴更有创造力。

Cat people are more creative.

让你的创意展现出来。

Let your creative juices flow.

如果你自我写照是有富有创造力，你可能更喜欢猫而不是狗。

If you describe yourself as creative, you probably prefer cats to dogs.

狗奴更会挣钱

Dog people make more money.

你财源广进

There could be a bonus headed your way.

拥有狗的人的平均薪水比拥有猫的人高。

People who own dogs have, on average, a higher salary than those who own cats.

狗在某些事情上花费更多。（这个小编没想到合适的翻译）

Dog people spend more on certain things.

养狗会让你更善待自己。

Having dog will lead you to treat yourself more.

因为你有一些多余的工资，如果你拥有一只狗，你可能会你自己身上花更多的钱，包括新的装备和乐趣和娱乐体验。

Since you have some surplus thanks to that higher salary, if you own a dog,
you probably spend more on things for yourself, including new outfits and fun
and entertaining experiences, than those who own cats.

猫奴喜欢音乐剧、纪录片和独立电影。

Cat people love musicals, documentaries, and indie movies.

你可以感谢你的猫，因为它你喜欢迷人的纪录片和有趣的音乐剧，因为猫主人比狗主人更喜欢这类电影，他们喜欢RoMCOM、动作片和恐怖的、惊心动魄的恐怖片。

You can thank your cat for your love of enthralling documentaries and fun
musicals because cat owners are more likely to enjoy these kinds of movies
than dog owners, who prefer romcoms, action movies, and scary, heart-pounding
horror flicks.

狗奴更喜欢跑步

Dog people like to run.

养狗会迫使你起床活动

Having dog will force you to get up and be active.

如果你是一个狂热的跑步者，它可能与你的狗有关系，因为25%的狗主人接受采访说他们经常跑步。

If you're an avid runner, it could have something to do with your dog, as a
full 25% of dog-owning respondents said they run on a regular basis.

猫奴更加文静

Cat people prefer to keep things low-key.

打开一本书。

Crack open a book.

猫主人喜欢更多悠闲的爱好，喜欢阅读、园艺、写作等等。

Cat owners like more laid-back hobbies, preferring reading, gardening,
writing, and the like.


