调查显示狗奴比猫奴赚得多，你觉得准吗？
虽说“猫奴狗奴”本质上并无区别，都是主子们的“铲屎官”，但养猫的人和养狗的人从生活方式到脾气秉性等各方面都有很大差异。一项调查发现，“狗奴”的平均收入高于“猫奴”，而“猫奴”普遍更有创造力，你觉得准吗？

"Are you a cat person or a dog person?"“你属于‘猫奴’还是‘狗奴’？”

The whole cats versus dogs saga has been going on forever. We tend to use the
answer to the aforementioned question to separate people into two different
groups: cat people or dog people. In the past, it's never really been clear
just how much someone's choice of pet actually says about their personality or
their
lifestyle.关于猫狗的争论永无止境。我们通常用上面这个问题的答案把人分成两种：“猫奴”和“狗奴”。过去，没有人能说得清，一个人对宠物的选择与其性格或生活方式有多少关系。

Now, a Mars Petcare survey of 1,000 dog owners vs. 1,000 cat owners is
providing more concrete proof as to the differences between cat and dog
people. It turns out that your preferred pet actually might say much more
about you than a curious blind date or personality quiz ever
anticipated.现在，Mars
Petcare对1000名狗主人和1000名猫主人的调查为“猫奴”和“狗奴”的不同提供了更确凿的证据。调查结果显示，你偏爱的宠物可能比一场奇怪的相亲或个性测试更能反映你的情况。

According to the survey, dog owners tend to have a higher average income of
$47,000.据调查，狗主人的平均收入更高，达47000美元（约合人民币30万元）。

This is good because they also spend an estimated 33% more on clothes or
accessories for their pets, as well as 26% more on entertainment than cat
owners. Luckily, dog owners are able to handle the expenses and plan their
spending, because they're twice as likely to work in finance, according to the
survey.这点很好，因为他们在宠物服饰配件上的开销比猫主人的高出33%左右，而娱乐开销也比猫主人高26%。幸运的是，狗主人支付得起这些费用并且能做好预算，因为调查称，狗主人从事金融工作的可能性是猫主人的两倍。

Meanwhile, cat owners are apparently more creative than dog
owners.而猫主人明显比狗主人更有创造力。

They're more likely to enjoy documentaries, musicals, books, and gardening
than dog people, who prefer action movies and traveling as well as activities
like running, yoga, and
dancing.他们更喜欢纪录片、音乐剧、书籍和园艺，相比之下，狗主人则偏爱动作电影、旅行以及跑步、瑜伽和舞蹈等活动。

The difference in activity levels could be explained by the fact that 45% of
dog owners said that their lives are improved through exercise with their
pets. Though cats aren't great at hitting the downward dog or busting a move,
more of their owners admitted that they tell their pets their thoughts and
secrets, which in turn may be why more cat owners credit their pets for
reducing their
stress.45%的狗主人称，和狗狗一起锻炼让他们的生活得到改善，这一点解释了养猫的人和养狗的人在运动量方面的差异。尽管猫咪不爱运动，但更多猫主人表示，他们会向自己的宠物倾诉自己的想法和秘密，这也可能是较多猫主人认为宠物能帮他们减压的原因。

You can view more from the survey below:你可以在下图中查看更多信息：

英文来源：商业内幕网编译：董静审校：丹妮


