英国斗牛犬需通过杂交改善健康|英国斗牛犬|杂交_新浪教育_新浪网
文字稿

科学家认为将英国斗牛犬与其它犬种杂交可能是保证其生存的最佳途径。数百年来，为保留其特定的外貌特征，斗牛犬一直沿袭同系间交配。然而一项基因研究表明，如果没有“新鲜血液”的帮助，该品种将面临一系列健康问题。请听报道。

The English Bulldog was one of the most popular breeds across Britain and
America last year. But during the latter part of the last century, many
bulldogs were bred to have exaggerated physical features, which led to health
issues including breathing difficulties.

Researchers at the University of California say popularity can no longer
excuse the health problems that the average bulldog endures. And they say the
gene pool has become so small, it could be difficult to improve the health of
the English Bulldog without cross-breeding.

The Head of Health and Research at the Kennel Club, Aimée Llewellyn-Zaidi,
said they continue to look at ways to ensure the sustainability of a breed if
it is at risk, and they're working with breed clubs and researchers in order
to do this.

词汇表

English Bulldog 英国斗牛犬

breeds 品种

latter （一段时间）后半期的

exaggerated （体型）过大的

physical features 外貌特征

breathing difficulties 呼吸困难

excuse 为……的理由

endures 承受，忍受（病痛）

gene pool （某一物种的）基因库

cross-breeding （动、植物）杂交配种

sustainability 持续性

breed clubs （为喜爱同一种狗设立的）养犬俱乐部

测验

请听报道并回答下列问题。

1\. When did many bulldogs start to develop exaggerated physical traits?

2\. True or false? The popularity of the breed might be a reason why its
health issues have been allowed to develop.

3\. What could be a way to improve the health of the English Bulldog,
according to text?

4\. Which prepositional phrase in the text means ‘exposed to a dangerous
situation’?

答案

1\. When did many bulldogs start to develop exaggerated physical traits?

In the latter part of the last century, many bulldogs were bred to have
exaggerated physical traits.

2\. True or false? The popularity of the breed might be a reason why its
health issues have been allowed to develop.

True. Researchers say popularity can no longer excuse its health issues, which
means that being popular used to be a reason why the English Bulldog's health
problems were previously ignored.

3\. What could be a way to improve the health of the English Bulldog,
according to the text?

Cross-breeding could be a way to improve the health of the English Bulldog.

4\. Which prepositional phrase in the text means 'exposed to a dangerous
situation'?

At risk.

BBC英语推荐


