洗衣服挂衣服很简单？方法不当可能毁掉你的美衣
对爱收拾打扮的女性朋友们来说，打开衣柜时发现衣服上有污渍、褶皱，甚至衣柜里进了衣蛾真是再糟糕不过的事情了。如何恰当地存放和清洗衣物？专家教你几个小妙招。

1月16日，模特在香港时装节展示秋冬新款女装。新华社记者秦晴摄

如何恰当地存放衣物？

When it comes to storing garments, the best thing to do is make sure you're
using the right type and size of hanger for the specific garment, says Will
Lankston, operations director at Jeeves.

说到存放衣物，洁服士公司的运营总监威尔-兰克斯顿表示，最应该注意的是确保你给特定的衣物选择了类型和大小合适的衣架。

For blazers and jackets, use hangers that have proper support for the
shoulders.

存放运动夹克和短外套时，要使用有合适肩部支撑的衣架。

And for dresses, the most important thing to check is that the hanger isn’t
distorting the shape of the dress as those clothing items are more difficult
to hang because there are so many different cuts, shapes, styles and fabrics.

存放裙装时，最重要的是看看衣架会不会使裙子变形。裙装有各种不同的裁剪、衣形、款式和面料，因此最难悬挂。

This is particularly important for silk dresses, which can distort easily.

这对很容易变形的丝绸裙装尤其重要。

It's also imperative to not hang knitwear or T-shirts because often times this
will cause serious damage to the garment, particularly around the shoulders.

不要把针织衫或T恤衫挂在衣架上，因为这会对衣物造成严重损害，特别是肩部周围。

Knitwear in particular is very delicate and should either be folded and stored
safely in a drawer, or folded and hung over the pants bar of a good quality
wooden or plastic hanger.

针织衫尤其难存放，应该叠好并且妥善地放在抽屉里，或者叠好挂在优质的木质或塑料裤架上。

Avoid wire hangers at all costs as they can cause indents in clothing and do
not leave enough space between garments for them to breathe.

无论如何都不要使用金属衣架，因为它会在衣物上留下凹痕，还会让衣物挤在一起密不透气。

And do not leave clothes in the clear plastic wrapping that they come back
from the dry cleaners in. This is to protect the clothes during transit but
should be removed before they are placed in your closet so the clothes can
breathe.

不要把衣物放在干洗店送回的透明塑料包装袋里。包装袋是为了在运送过程中保护衣物，但放入衣柜之前应该将塑料袋拿掉，这样衣物才能透气。

However, if you do want to cover your garments to protect them, use a good
quality, breathable garment cover.

但如果你真的想把衣物盖好存放好，要选用优质、透气的挂衣袋。

如何避免衣蛾入侵？

To help prevent moths, which are not only a pesky nemesis but have the
potential to ruin clothes, it's best to take preventative measures rather than
tackle the insects after you already have an infestation because they will eat
just about any natural fiber.

衣蛾不仅是讨厌的衣物克星，还可能把衣物毁掉。为避免衣蛾入侵，最好采取预防措施，而不是衣蛾入侵后再对付它们，因为它们会吃掉所有的衣物纤维。

Plus, in general, it is much easier to prevent a moth infestation than it is
to get rid of one once it has happened.

另外，通常来说，预防衣蛾入侵比消灭它们容易得多。

One option is to place good quality moth sachets in all of your wardrobes and
drawers and then refresh them regularly.

一个办法是在所有的衣柜和抽屉里放入优质的除蛾香包，并定期更换。

You can also place moth traps in storage spaces around the home, which can be
purchased cheaply online.

你还可以在家中的贮藏室放置衣蛾诱捕器，网购也很便宜。

And lastly, moths like warm, humid, dark places, so try to avoid these
conditions in areas where you store your clothes.

最后，衣蛾喜欢温暖潮湿的暗处，所以要避免把衣物放置在这类地方。

But if you do have a moth problem, hire a good pest control business to come
and resolve the issue.

但如果你家确实有衣蛾，就雇佣除蛾公司来解决这一问题。

It is worth asking them back a month after their first visit to ensure the
problem is resolved for good.

一个月后你还要让他们再来家里一次，确保问题已经彻底解决。

Also, note that it is a common misconception that because you don’t have
swarms of moths flying around the home, you can’t possibly have a problem.

还要注意，有人认为家里没有一大群衣蛾飞来飞去，就不会有此问题，这是个误解。

Remember, it is the larvae that do the damage to your clothes, not the moths
themselves.

记住，毁掉衣物的是幼虫，而不是衣蛾本身。

1月15日，模特在时装秀上展示潮州品牌的礼服。新华社发（王申 摄）

如何正确清洗衣物？

And as for washing clothes, it's important to not over wash.

清洗衣物时，最重要的是不要用力过猛。

This doesn't mean to not keep your clothes clean but there are some tips in
place to ensure that washing your clothes doesn't cause them any damage.

这并不是说别把衣物洗干净，但有一些小技巧能确保你清洗的时候不会破坏衣物。

The first thing to remember is to wash dark colors inside out in a cold wash
with a slow spin cycle as this will help to stop the colors bleeding out of
the fabric.

首先要记住，清洗深色衣物时要里面朝外，用冷水慢洗，这样能防止衣物掉色。

Next, use good quality liquid detergent or gel capsules.

其次，要使用优质的洗涤液或洗衣凝露。

Poor quality detergents simply do not have the cleaning power which can lead
to you over washing your garments and powder detergents can cause abrasion on
your clothes before they dissolve in the wash.

劣质的洗涤剂洗不干净，会让你洗衣服时用力过猛，洗衣粉融化前会导致衣服磨损。

And lastly, it is important to clean your washing machine regularly because if
you want your clothes to come out of it looking bright and brilliant, you
should probably make sure that the inside of the machine isn’t dirty.

最后，定期清洗洗衣机很重要，因为如果你想从里面拿出衣服时光洁鲜艳，你最好确保洗衣机里面干净。

如何清除污渍？

Lastly, when it comes to stains it's important to seek professional advice
because there are so many different types of stains and so many different
types of fabric that it really does take a lot of experience to know the best
way to remove them.

最后，清除污渍时最好寻求专业建议，因为污渍和布料的种类太多，要想知道最佳除渍方式，还是需要很多经验。

There is also very specialist equipment that can be used to remove stains that
you wouldn’t find in the average household.

还有很专业的工具能用来清除污渍，一般家庭没有。

However, there are some things that you can do to limit the damage and
increase the chances of a good dry cleaner being able to save your clothing.

但有些办法能把损害降到最低，同时让干洗店帮你挽回衣物的几率大增。

First, remember to never apply hot water to the stain as this will cause some
stains to set into the fabric, making it near impossible for them to be
removed but if you do attempt to clean the stain, dab at it with cold water,
don’t rub.

首先，要记住绝不能用热水清洗污渍，因为这能导致一些污渍浸到布料里，这会使污渍几乎难以清除。如果你真想清除污渍，用冷水轻拭，不要摩擦。

The worst type of fabric for stains is silk so if you do happen to get a stain
on a silk garment, don’t try to do anything yourself. Take it straight to a
good dry cleaner.

最难清除污渍的布料是丝绸，所以如果你的丝绸衣物沾上了污渍，不要自己处理。直接带去好的干洗店。

英文来源：每日邮报翻译&编审：yaning


